[Music]
one simple exercise to lose back and
belly fat fast when it comes to getting
in shape the midsection is one of the
most difficult areas to target
fortunately there's one that's right
just one simple exercise that can help
you bust back and belly fat in the blink
of an eye
leaving you with gorgeous toned abs and
a beautiful cinched in waist you want to
know what it is and what other simple
things you can do to win the Battle of
the Bulge once and for all
then listen up but before we start
kissing the pooch and muffin top goodbye
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
and turn on post notifications so you
won't miss any of our new videos so what
is this mysterious exercise that can
easily bring you one step closer to the
body of your dreams it's a simple plank
yes you heard it right folks all you
have to do is follow this little plank
challenge for a month before you know it
you won't even recognize your own body
however there are a couple of minor
details you need to know before you
begin doing the plank correctly is the
key to giving your muscles a proper
workout so that all your efforts will
bring your desired results so to do it
properly get into a push-up position on
the floor and place your forearms on the
ground so that the elbows are right
below your shoulders your arms should be
parallel to your body at about
shoulder-width distance make sure you
don't arch your back
this will only put pressure on your
spine and lead to all kinds of nasty
back problems try to avoid lowering your
hips towards the floor as well it'll
decrease the effectiveness of the
workout your muscles are receiving
basically making your training a waste
of time finally pay attention to your
neck - it's better to look down rather
than up or straight ahead of you now
let's find out more about the challenge
itself it'll take less than 5 minutes of
your time of day for the next month yep
that's it just a couple of minutes
surely you can take such a small amount
of time out of your busy schedule every
day if it means getting your back and
in shape now it will get more difficult
to do the planks with each passing day
but trust me the results will definitely
be worth your efforts for the first two
days hold the plank for 25 seconds
increase the time to 30 seconds for the
third and fourth days on day 5 try to
hold it for 40 seconds as for day 6 you
deserve a little rest but not for long
because your goal for day 7 and 8 is 50
seconds finally we're getting to the end
of the first phase with 1 minute 4 days
9 and 10 don't forget to increase the
time once again to 90 seconds on the
11th day then take a break for day 12
for the next three days just hold the
plank for 90 seconds again to train your
body for a steady result that way on day
16 and 17 you'll be able to do it for
two minutes straight but we don't stop
there for the next day your goal is a
hundred and fifty seconds and then again
time to relax a bit plank for a hundred
and fifty seconds once more on Days 20
and 21 and then try to reach a hundred
and eighty seconds on days 22 and 23 for
the next day aim for 210 seconds and
then take a break and repeat this
impressive feat again finally for the
last two days numbers 27 and 28 you
should be able to hold it for 240
seconds and there you go it might sound
crazy and unrealistic but this workout
is gonna build your strength gradually
allowing your body to take on new
challenges it won't be easy but it's
gonna be effective guaranteed in case
you're wondering why it's the plank in
particular that can help us achieve such
amazing results so fast
then keep listening planking basically
improves your core strength like no
other exercise it engages all your major
core muscle groups which allows you to
get a perfectly flat tummy in no time
plus working out all these muscles gives
you some amazing bonuses improving your
back and booty
as well if not to mention according to
the American Council on exercise
planking regularly reduces back pain and
significantly improves your posture
sounds great doesn't it but wait there's
more
doing planks in the morning can also
boost your metabolism for the entire day
even when you're sleeping and don't even
get me started on your flexibility and
mental state you'll see positive changes
in those for yourself in just a couple
of days if you want to get even better
results try following some of the rules
of healthy eating as well after all you
have to take care of your body on the
inside if you want it to look nice on
the outside too first and foremost never
skip breakfast they say it's the most
important meal of the day and they're
not kidding it jump-starts your
metabolism and gives you the energy you
need to kickstart your day properly
secondly try to gradually cut down on
the junk food giving it up cold turkey
won't be effective it'll only make you
want it more just take baby steps away
from burgers chips and soda and slowly
incorporate healthy salads and balanced
meals instead with time your body's
dependency on unhealthy food will fade
and you'll get used to the taste of
nutritious snacks and dishes and this
will improve not only the number you see
on the scale but also the inner workings
of your body and your complexion but
even with healthy food moderation and
portion control are key try to eat only
when you're actually hungry and don't
wolf down your food eating slowly will
give your stomach and brain enough time
to understand that your body is full so
you won't overeat don't forget to jazz
up your diet with fruit and vegetables
they contain tons of important nutrients
and vitamins that can help you on your
way to a healthier lifestyle and a
rockin bod the same goes for drinking
water never underestimate the importance
of staying hydrated
according to several studies drinking
water increases the number of calories
you burn you can also make it a habit to
drink a glass of water before every meal
this little trip will reduce your
appetite making you consume fewer
calories at the same time the number of
meals you're having should be consistent
starving yourself and skipping meals
won't be good for you yes you'll lose
weight quickly but you can't stick to
this extreme regimen forever now can you
all those lost pounds will come back
with a vengeance once you start eating
normal again
instead look carefully at your menu
consider how it can be improved and
don't forget about the plank challenge
and there you go
five simple exercises to get a flat
belly in four weeks almost every woman
dreams about a flat and well shaped
belly when she can proudly show off on
the beach well let's be honest men also
secretly dream of losing that annoying
fat around their waists yeah we do how
to get that you might ask
the answer is simpler than you think
with these five simple exercises you
will get your dream belly in just four
weeks without any significant efforts
and exhausting training all you have to
do is find only five minutes in your
busy schedule ideally in the morning
when you are still fresh and full of
energy do these five short exercises
with us and we promise it's going to be
fun and easy just do it every day
you don't even need to start your watch
I'll account for you exercise number one
playing hey we're going to make FEMEN
walk the pink no captain just get on the
floor iron all right lie down on your
belly on the floor raise your body on
your elbows and toes and keep it
horizontal your body should make a
straight line head the heels breathe
normally you need to keep this position
for only 20 seconds let's give it a try
ready
go plank is one of the best exercises
for core conditioning it strengthens
your ABS works your glutes and
hamstrings supports a proper posture and
improves balance okay a bit more captain
keep your bottom low oh you're doing
just great nineteen twenty and now three
seconds more you can do it three two one
well you've done it all right let's move
on to the next one exercise number two
left side plank turn to your left side
and put the left elbow directly into the
shoulder make sure that your legs are
straight now push your bottom and waist
up
hey you're doing great Catherine now
balance yourself on your arm and feet
until your body makes a diagonal line
breathe normally keep this position for
only 20 seconds and up we go
cliff side plank makes your abdominal
side muscles stronger and keeps your
waist thin captain don't sink your
shoulder air just a few more seconds
five four three two one
well done exercise number three
backwards push-ups
we're sport wraps all right who's parrot
baby mine okay find a pert somewhere
anyways backward push-ups turn to your
back in a sitting position prop yourself
up on your hands and feet slowly push
your bottom up and down by bending your
elbows only three times let's go three
try to keep your body straight to don't
forget to bend your elbows that's right
one it wasn't that hard right ready for
the next one exercise for bright side
plank doing okay captain
are you alright turn to your right side
and put the right elbow directly under
the shoulder make sure that your legs
are straight now push your bottom and
waist up balance yourself on your arm
and feet until your body make a diagonal
line breathe normally
20 seconds start now we've already done
this exercise on your left side so this
time it should be a piece of cake if you
want to achieve more prominent results
next time try to straighten your arm I
an arm well do the best you can inhale
exhale you're almost done
see it's not that hard three two one
you are amazing and last but not least
exercise number five situps
Oh sit-ups Oh Davy Jones locker come on
you can do it
lie down on your back start pushing your
upper body up and forward with your arms
straight in front of you to a semi
setting position strain your abdominal
muscles as hard as you can
ah hey good timing lie down and repeat
okay one last effort three times only go
three every bend makes the muscles of
your upper belly stronger - up down one
you're almost there
woohoo you are my hero ah thank you so
much
all right here is your four week workout
calendar increase the exercise intensity
every week and you will get the belly of
your dream in just a month time I think
so absolutely captain week one plank 20
seconds left side plank 20 seconds
backward push-ups three times right side
plank 20 seconds sit-ups three times
week number two plank 30 seconds right
side plank 30 seconds backwards push-up
five times
left side plank thirty Seconds sit-ups
three times
week number three plank 45 seconds right
side plank 45 seconds
backwards push-ups seven times left side
plank 45 seconds sit-ups seven times and
week number four plank one minute right
side plank one minute backwards push-ups
ten times left side plank one minute and
sit-ups ten times six types of body fat
and how to get rid of it body fat the
bane of our existence we hate it we
desperately want to get rid of it but
most of us don't realize that there is
no universal remedy for the fat
distributed in the various parts of our
body well be ready for an eye-opener
because Brightside is going to share
some original and super effective ways
to fight six different types of body fat
when we say original we actually mean it
one of these ways is sleeping oh yeah
we've got your attention now number six
full upper body fat
[Music]
this type of fat usually starts to
accumulate if you consume more calories
than you burn so the main contributors
here are overeating and inactivity how
to get rid of it do aerobics because
this type of fat appears due to a lack
of physical activity make it a part of
your daily routine running or swimming
at least thirty minutes every day will
help you burn this fat right off if it
seems impossible for you to fit any of
these in your busy schedule
try brisk walking bring some tunes with
you so that it won't feel so much like
exercise you can even dance if you want
to stop consuming processed sugar and
forget about sugar sweetened drinks
rather than making you fall sweet foods
and drinks just make you consume way too
many unneeded calories according to the
American Journal of Clinical Nutrition
sugary drinks account for 11 percent of
your daily calorie intake which is
actually a lot given the fact that they
don't nourish your body or provide any
benefit whatsoever
many scientists also consider them the
main reason for the high rates of
obesity
now before you reach for that diet soda
think twice because it won't help you in
your fight either carbonated drinks even
the diet ones have artificial sweeteners
that kick your body into fat storage
mode ok so what about some fruit juice
ah not your best friend either it has
plenty of sugar in it stick to good old
water it has no calories and will help
quench your thirst
number 5 lower abdomen fat you might
have perfectly slim arms and legs but
still not feel 100% satisfied with your
looks because of a poochy tummy some of
the reasons that cause fat to store in
this part of the body or stress
depression and anxiety yes stress and
depression can even do that to you
bummer how to get rid of it avoid stress
and learn to relax the stress hormone
cortisol makes fat collect in the belly
so a good option for you is to meditate
or do some breathing exercises when we
say meditation we don't necessarily mean
some fancy yoga class or a trip to Bali
although
would be fantastic you can learn the
most basic techniques and use them
whenever you feel stressed out it's all
about focus and mind power try to move
your focus down to your stomach and let
it's often as you breathe deeper then
say this to yourself
breathing in I call myself breathing out
I smile yeah it sounds a little silly
but it'll work as long as it makes you
smile
your mind and body will get the
everything's gonna be fine message and
calm down if you're looking for more
meditation ideas check out this video
drink green tea it's a great natural fat
burner because it's loaded with
antioxidants that can boost metabolism
plus if you're doing some physical
exercise green tea will also enhance its
effect according to the National Center
for Biotechnology information green tea
also works when you're just relaxing and
even in your sleep sign me up finally
drinking a cozy hot cup of green tea is
a good way to calm down when you need it
number 4 lower body fat your hips really
don't lie one of the causes of those
annoying
Chaffin thunder-thighs is an excess of
gluten in your diet if you aren't happy
with the size of your lower body you may
want to consider going gluten-free how
to get rid of it walk up hills and
stairs yeah in a world of elevators and
escalators easier said than done right
but you really should make the effort
because it'll set the fat on your thighs
on fire figuratively of course which
will tone your leg muscles riding a bike
uphill or increasing the treadmills
incline will also work your heart will
beat faster and you'll have to work
harder since you're moving upward what
will that do for you well you'll burn
more of those unwanted calories don't
skip breakfast I know our modern-day
gogogo lifestyle means sitting down to
have breakfast sounds like a thing of
the past it can be hard to make yourself
eat in the morning especially something
healthy like oatmeal hit that thumbs up
if you agree but you have to do it for
your own good if you don't eat breakfast
to kickstart your Matata
in the morning you'll feel hungrier more
tired and just groggy throughout the day
which will trick your body into eating
more in an attempt to get energy also if
you skip breakfast your body will think
it's some kind of starvation situation
and will start storing supplies turning
everything you eat into fat you don't
want that emergency stockpile on your
body
do you number three a bloated stomach
[Music]
they don't call it a beer belly for
nothing
excessive alcohol consumption can swell
up your stomach so be moderate with your
drinks if you want a flatter tummy how
to get rid of it cut back on alcohol as
most of its calories end up becoming
belly fat
just like those carbonated drinks loaded
with sugar alcohol gives us calories but
not nutritional satisfaction
it makes us hungrier and gives us food
cravings it brings down your level of
leptin which is a very useful hormone
that tells your brain you've had enough
food it also causes a lot of other
health problems so really consider this
one next time your friends invite you
out to a night of drinks eat more often
yay
but in smaller portions ah it'll not
only improve your metabolism but also
help you stay energized Plus your belly
will look smaller after each meal
knowing your personal limit is key here
we all have different lifestyles one
person is more active and needs more
food fuel than another find out how many
calories you need on a daily basis using
an online calorie calculator don't worry
the internet is full of them
it'll take into account your gender age
height weight level of activity and your
weight loss goals then you can just
divide all the daily calorie intake
number by five to figure out how many
calories each meal should give you plan
your meals and know their caloric
content it sounds like a lot of work but
this meal time map can actually be fun
plus it'll help you reach your weight
loss dreams
number two lower body fat including
lower legs this type of fat is common
for women who have vascular problems in
their legs or during pregnancy
which can cause the legs to swell see
men normally accumulate more fat in the
belly area and head
biron football just kidding guys on the
other hand female hormones cause ladies
to store extra pounds in the lower body
and legs how to get rid of it
to avoid swelling you need to
drastically cut down on salty foods and
since salt causes fluid retention in
your body ah no more french fries well
if you do enjoy your salty foods this
could actually be the reason for all the
extra fat in your legs change your diet
and add plenty of water to it it'll
flush out that extra sodium from your
kidneys don't sit without moving for
more than 30 minutes try to stand up and
walk around frequently grab a glass of
water stretch and move to the far corner
of your office to talk to your coworkers
any extra movement will do you good
since it can help drag the extra fluid
the right way if you have the
opportunity to lie down with your feet
elevated you should do that to prevent
fluid from building up in your lower
legs number one a large stomach with
upper back fat the main reason why this
can happen to you is inactivity so you
should start exercising immediately if
your big stomach and back fat bother you
how to get rid of it and now the moment
we've all been waiting for
drum roll please the effective remedy
for a large stomach and upper back fat
is sleeping make sure that you're
getting enough sleep sleep deprivation
can lead to hormonal imbalances an
increased appetite and weight gain which
will result in fact being stored mostly
in your belly and back I always knew
sleeping was the right thing to do eat
more food that is rich in fiber this
means adding beans peas lentils broccoli
oatmeal whole wheat pasta avocados and
rat
berries to your diet fiber will help
reduce your appetite and calorie
absorption from food and give you a
waist and back a much nicer appearance
[Music]
please remember that a healthy diet and
an active lifestyle will have the best
impact on your body regardless of your
figure type the key is to make lifestyle
changes that with time become a normal
part of your routine it's just the
starting that's the hardest part so get
to it so that you can be on the road to
a better you 10 home remedies to lose
belly fat without exercise belly fat is
something no one wants to have if you
belong to the lucky exclusive group of
people who are satisfied with their flat
tummy congratulations but if you stand
with us who have something to lose and
that something is belly fat we have
great news for you we have found 10 home
remedies which will help you lose your
stubborn belly fat without exercise
easily yes we won't make you work out
because we know many of us just don't
have time for it so would you like to
lose a few fat pounds without exercising
liked this video so that we know and pay
attention to what we are about to share
with you number 10
drink flat tummy lemon water as its name
suggests flat tummy water is of great
help in making your tummy flat there can
be many kinds of it because it is
naturally infused water we all know that
it is healthy to drink eight glasses of
water a day and it is a much better and
healthier drink than any juice to spice
it up you can choose one ingredient to
add to your water we recommend you to
try adding lemon to it
lemon juice and pulp are rich in vitamin
C pectin fiber and citric acid vitamin C
sounds like the most familiar thing on
the list but the other two things are
good for you as well lemon can help you
speed up the fat burning process and
lose weight faster pectin fiber and it
gives you the feeling of fullness so you
will have fewer cravings to eat
something for a while making that flat
tummy lemon drink is super easy all you
have to do is squeeze half a lemon into
a glass of water start your day with
this drink and you will flush your body
clean of toxins and help your liver work
more effectively 9 choose cranberry
juice over soda what is your favorite
refreshing drink did we hear you say
soda consider a diet change cranberry
juice tastes just as good if not better
and is a much healthier choice it is a
good source of vitamin C minerals
antioxidants and organic acid which is a
digestive enzyme if you buy it from a
store you will notice many brands of
cranberry juice contain sugar you should
try to avoid them you can try making
your own cranberry sugar free drink
cranberries might be a seasonal fruit
but you can still find them at stores in
frozen form anytime of the year the
transition to this sugar-free drink
might be hard for those who can't live
without soda but it is worth it because
health manners and a flat tummy looks
great 8 add chia seeds to your diet how
often do you add chia seeds to your
meals
if the answer is regularly it means you
are doing the right thing
chia seeds are a great source of
antioxidants fiber protein and omega-3
fatty acids all this makes them a great
ally at losing weight if you don't use
chia seeds in your meals it is a good
time to start doing so will teach you
how first of all it is important not to
eat the seeds dry only use the hydrating
ones then how can you integrate them
into your diet try doing it with the
most important meal of the day breakfast
a fiber rich breakfast will do your body
much good so try adding a spoonful of
chia seeds to your oatmeal as you cook
it or add it to your smoothie
cakes made of egg whites banana puree
and chia seeds are also very yummy and
healthy if you prefer scrambled eggs
chia seeds will go well with them too 7
spice up your diet with ginger tea
ginger tea seems to be too spicy for
maybe you are just cooking it wrong and
adding too much ginger the right amount
of it however is a healthy must ginger
burns fat makes you feel full and brings
down your appetite because it regulates
blood sugar sounds impressive right so
try it yourself brewing some healthy
ginger tea is simple you are going to
need two inches ginger root 4 cups
filtered water 2 tablespoons of organic
lemon juice and 1 to 2 teaspoons of
honey you chop the ginger root and add
it to freshly boiled water let it stir
for 5 minutes covered with a lid wait
for it to cool down a bit and add the
remaining ingredients lemon juice and
honey
these to benefit your health in their
own ways you can serve this drink hot or
cold taking it regularly will help you
advance on your way to a flat belly 6
sip green tea to lose belly fat green
tea is much more than just hot water
with a flavor it is a powerful
detoxifier perhaps you didn't know that
it has caffeine in it yes just like
coffee caffeine is known for its
fat-burning powers when it is consumed
in reasonable amounts but the best green
tea has its antioxidants called
cabouchins so it makes your skin glow
and your fat burned both during exercise
and rest brew yourself a cup right now 5
experiment with dandelion tea dandelion
yes that cute little flower turns out to
help in weight loss in de Lyonne tea is
becoming a more and more popular drink
these days because people find out about
its medicinal properties and they want
it you can use either the leaves or the
roots of dandelion to make healthy tea
infused and the lion leaves help to
improve the digestive process and
contribute to weight loss see that must
be first broken down to burn drinking
dandelion tea helps to break down fat
easily
the energy release thanks to that
breakdown contributes to your stamina
and you can lose weight a faster rate
and it also does that make you feel full
trick so you will want to eat less after
drinking it we made it to our top four
do you want to try any of the remedies
we recommend it so far then like this
video and share which of them you want
to try out in the comments keep watching
till the end to find out what is the
miracle food when it comes to fat
burning and one important secret that is
true for all remedies number four don't
underestimate the power of cayenne
peppers have you ever noticed what
effect eating a spicy pepper has on you
yes it is hard to ignore your body
temperature rises and it goes into
cooldown mode as a result it burns
calories faster it also increases your
metabolism if you crush cayenne pepper
and ginger together you will get a
powerful fat-burning mix take it with
your meals every day a sunny carried out
in 2014 is shown it helped to make
people feel more full and so they had
fewer cravings 3 add coconut oils to
your diet
coconut oil smells like heaven and is a
superhero when it comes to fat burning
it has a unique combination of fatty
acids in it which is great for your
metabolism coconut oil in your diet
helps you lose abdominal fat that very
bad fat which stays around your organs
and can cause serious trouble like
diabetes and heart disease getting rid
of it will do you much good and yes it
will help you get rid of stubborn fat
around the buttocks waist and thighs
organic refined coconut oil should
become your best friend when it comes to
sauteing stir frying and baking virgin
or extra virgin oil has a strong coconut
flavor to use cinnamon cinnamon has its
own ways of helping you lose fat it is
great at controlling blood sugar levels
in your body it also speeds up your
metabolism and helps your body use
carbohydrates which would otherwise turn
into excess fat so have it every day
when you can add it to yogurt or cottage
spice up your smoothie or your oatmeal
for a healthy breakfast or take a
cinnamon capsule before you eat again
it will help you control your appetite
one use garlic to lose belly fat we made
it to the top of our list meat garlic
okay you have most likely met it before
but you might know it is a miracle food
when it comes to burning fat it
suppresses appetite and sends full
signals to your brain it increases
metabolism by stimulating your nervous
system to release the hormone of
adrenaline it prevents fat from
accumulating in your body you are still
unsure if you should have it because of
the stinking smell don't doubt it the
effect will be worth it
to three to four cloves of raw garlic in
the morning and then have some lemon
water remember all these remedies will
also work as an addition to your workout
plan so we don't encourage you to leave
the gym forever but showing you what you
can work even without it finally a very
important thing to remember is that
there is one thing which can ruin it all
so you should avoid it that is not
eating hamburgers every day even though
it's bad - that is stress when you worry
a lot about being too fat or not seeing
any effect of your new diet plan your
body produces stress hormones they
affect your digestive system and bam it
leads to bloating a stressed body also
produces cortisol which adds a fatty
layer to your belly so sleep at least
seven hours every day
don't use smoking as a stress reliever
and do the things you enjoy you will
love the results seven easy exercises
for a flat stomach and a small waist
[Music]
the dreaded waistline a major source of
self-consciousness and definitely a
frustrating hard area to get in shape
taking into account the added pressure
of shaping up before peach season
expensive gym memberships and the stream
that a lot of typical exercises put on
your hips or knees and most of us end up
losing the Battle of the Bulge
well worry no more because we've put
together a set of exercises for your abs
embraced that you can do without getting
up from your chair so grab a seat and
let's do this number one warming up sit
on the edge of the chair with your hands
in your lap slowly lean your body back
while tensing your abdominal muscles
keep going until your back taps the back
of your chair but don't put your weight
on it slowly return to the initial
position do 12 repetitions
[Music]
this exercise warms your muscles up and
preps them for working out which is
extremely important even if your
training lasts just five minutes you
still have to get ready for it
[Music]
have you finished your reps great now
that we're all warmed up let's move on
to the main exercises number two oblique
twists the starting position is the same
as the last one sitting on the edge of
your seat with your hands in your lap
put your hands behind your head
so that your elbows are out to the sides
slowly turn the upper part of your body
to the right don't move your hips they
should remain facing forward stay in
this position for three seconds then
twist your body to the left repeat this
set ten times
[Music]
this exercise targets those stubborn
obliques as a result you'll be kissing
that muffin top goodbye and saying hello
to a slimmer waist and stronger abs
don't rush it turn nice and slow
otherwise you might pull a muscle and
nobody wants that right
[Music]
good job let's keep going number three
forward bends
again put your hands behind your head if
it's more comfortable for you you can
lace your fingers together slowly bend
forward and then return to the initial
position don't use your hands to help
you get those abs working do 15 dens
[Music]
this exercise is just as good a
traditional ab exercises like crunches
or sit-ups it develops a muscle called
the rectus abdominis which is the long
flat muscle which helps flex the spinal
column
when trained properly it'll give you a
perfectly flat and toned tummy have you
finished your 15 reps awesome let's look
at the next exercise
[Music]
number four knees to the chest
sit comfortably in your chair bend and
pull your right leg to your chest wrap
your hands around your right knee and
hold this position for three seconds
return to the initial position do 15
reps with your right leg
[Music]
this exercise allows you to train both
the rectus abdominis muscle and the
obliques plus even your thigh muscles
get a nice workout to
[Music]
now switch it up and repeat the same
with your left leg again
15 times
[Music]
don't forget to hold it for three
seconds each time you lift
[Music]
very nice form
and done
[Music]
number five leg raises before doing this
exercise make sure that your chair is
nice and sturdy grip the sides of the
chair outside your thighs for support on
this one with your tush in the middle of
the seat lean back on the back of your
chair keep your back straight and your
legs together pull your knees up toward
your chest and hold this position for
three seconds now straighten your legs
and keep them up for three more seconds
bend your knees once more and pull them
back towards your chest then straighten
your legs out again repeat this set of
bending and straightening ten times
[Music]
this exercise might feel more difficult
but you need to involve your leg is to
develop the muscles of your upper and
lower abs Plus this exercise is great
for getting rid of that annoying lower
belly pooch we'd all love to send
packing
[Music]
if you finished up there's one more not
so easy exercise coming right up
number six knee circles the same initial
position as the previous exercise thumb
in the middle of the seat leaning back
hands holding the chair and legs
together now lift your bent legs up off
the floor and draw an imaginary circle
in the air with your knees do ten
clockwise circular motions and ten
counterclockwise ones this exercise is
super effective for training your upper
and lower abdominal muscles as well as
your obliques it might feel pretty
challenging at the beginning but if you
keep practicing every day you'll notice
a visible difference in the mirror plus
as you strengthen your abs doing this
exercise will get easier with time
[Music]
number seven scissors one last time same
position leaning back on the chair with
both hands grabbing the sides of your
seat for support
lift your straightened legs off the
floor and cross them together at the
knees spread them to the sides and then
cross again imagine that your legs are a
pair of scissors opening and cutting
let's do this exercise for one full
minute what's great about this one is
that it works not only your abs but also
your inner thighs just keep imagining
how good you'll look in those short
summer shorts
[Music]
just a little time left come on you can
do it
right and our mini workout is over
repeat it every single day and the
results will surprise you some more
useful recommendations a major advantage
of seated exercises is their simplicity
however losing weight requires not only
physical training but also a healthy
diet so here are some recommendations
that will help you achieve the desired
results faster try to keep count of how
many calories you consume according to
the number recommended for your age
gender and lifestyle for example a 25
year old woman that leads a sedentary
lifestyle needs around 2,000 calories a
day you can find special tables online
that help you determine your recommended
calorie intake your diet must be
well-balanced half of your daily calorie
consumption should come from carbs 30%
from proteins and 20% from fats foods
containing omega-9 fatty acids will help
you feel fuller longer so you won't
overeat these acids can be found in
olive and flax oil as well as in peanut
butter avocado and trout what do you do
to keep your body in shape tell us in
the comments below
share this video with your friends to
help them get the flat tummy of their
dreams maybe you can even do these
exercises together strength in numbers
right remember to hit the like button
and if you haven't subscribed to our
channel yet go ahead and hit that big
red button - you won't want to miss
anything amazing coming out on the
bright side of life
[Music]